hold up hey what's up guys it's your boy
Johnny z five four three and i'll be
showing you how to get free cars in GTA
5 online now this can be used to get a
Roosevelt now that is a one of the main
things you can do with this glitch what
you want to do is you know go on the
description download this race there
will have provided now i have the xbox
360 xbox one playstation 3 and
playstation 4 for everybody now once the
race you know loads up set this the car
like category you want to do so spit the
sports classic and put it on GTA race if
you want the roosevelt now once you
spawn in see now i already have a
roosevelt but i'm going to show you that
this is a brand-new roosevelt let's
stock as you see guys it's a stock
roosevelt you can make it whatever color
want whatever you color you make you
know in the race this is what color you
will get now i make you mine white just
I don't know I just alright so once you
have started up the race now PlayStation
users you will spawn on like actual
ground Xbox users you will spawn
underground now when you spawn in
PlayStation users just hold Y to spawn
underground now once you guys spawn in
go down this little hole you know yeah
I'll direct you download a whole all
right and make sure you know I have my
radar on it just it seems a little bit
easier all right you know now just like
drive down the hole and you should land
in your garage as you see guys you know
it's gonna hit something and praying
this is your garage now sometimes you
will spawn you don't have to go in the
first person just press Y to get in the
car but once you get into a car you want
to lose and replace for your Roosevelt
or any car you're choosing this can be
any card DLC non anything now hold the Y
button all right now as soon as you see
the black screen hit our tape now you'll
spawn it up now you'll spawn outside you
know you'll have the garage door open
you'll spawn outside now just wait here
now PlayStation users you will glitch
out pretty much right away Xbox users
you know it takes a little bit while for
you to glitch out but it does eventually
couch out as you see
guys I just glitched out now once you
have glitched out just hold the Y button
all right now once you spawn back in you
will spawn you know in the Roosevelt
underground what you want to do is get
back into your garage now Xbox users it
is a lot harder to get back in your
garage it's just it's just the way that
race is made you know PlayStation users
you'll see a ramp like two ramps just
drive up those two ramps and you should
like you know just be instantly in your
garage it's so much easier for you guys
but you know this does work on all
consoles this I do believe is the only
way to get the Roosevelt because unless
duping it off a friend because like it
was in the Valentine's TLC now once you
eventually you do get in your garage
that you might see two things you might
see that the car you got in to replace
for the Roosevelt is invisible now if
the car you just you know try duping is
invisible as you see guys it's invisible
now that means it worked now if it the
car is still there hop in it you know
your timing on the RT why you're holding
the Y button is a little late as you see
guys blue circle I have I'll Roosevelt
look at that guys bring up your phone
you know back out of the mission and
guys you will spawn in with your car
that you just chose now this can be any
car if you want to free adder get an
adder if you want to you know I don't
know JB 700 better JB 700 as you see
guys i spawned mi Roosevelt it has a
personal vehicle icon this is mine now
guys do this glitch before it gets
patched to get you guys free Roosevelt
and alright guys if you liked this video
leave a like it didn't like this video
leave a like and I'm out peace